*In the before times before I started keeping good notes...* 
Last time on Smuggler Dev, we set out to scaffold out a bunch of the project. Created a bunch of "Managers" which will be instantiated within the Game Instance and then be available to access by most anything for various functions.

I also setup some basic UI layers test widgets and need to continue setting up parts of the UI Manager. 

Also outlined various aspects and stats for [[Guards]] some for [[Documents]]. I also thought a bunch about how the Checkpoints and Smuggling will work.

...

*Today:*

I'm thinking about the transition from First Person Camera to a Top Down Checkpoint View. Not sure how it'll play out or if we keep it all FP camera. I really want to get into crafting the checkpoint mini game, but there are a lot of moving parts and pieces I'm setting up before it to make sure we have a good structure.

I'm going to setup more UI Widgets and Wire them to Components.

Setting up an Inventory Component. Setup Base Items and Data Table, Need to Get UI Manager into a better spot with Inventory Screens, Currently I think the UI Manager needs some cleanup.

Brainstormed some [[Contraband]] levels. These might get associated to Gameplay Tags for gameplay usage. But I think various labels for levels of Contraband is fun and adds variety.

Next we can finish up the Inventory, and then basic screens for Character (including wiring in our stats) and I think we need to add in the Gameplay Ability System too.

Also, should probably figure out some version control/backup situation.